Changed fake backends to V2 and added seeds for docs (#1108)
Qiskit/qiskit-experiments: docs/manuals/measurement/restless_measurements.rst

    tau = sum(durations) * dt / (len(durations))

    n_circs = len(cal_drag.circuits())

>     # can be obtained from backend.default_rep_delay on a real backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # can be obtained from backend.default_rep_delay on a backend from qiskit-ibm-provider

```
